A taxi driver, new on the job, picks up his first customer.The driver then started to head to the location designated by the passenger. A few minutes had passed and the whole trip had been quiet ever since. The radio wasn't even turned on.  The passenger is very interpersonal so he started to strike a conversation to break the silence.  "Hey, ma-"  "HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!" The driver abruptly hit the breaks.  "Dude, wtf!" the passenger complained. The driver then apologised "Sorry, man. It's my first time on the job and I haven't adjusted from my previous job yet."  "What did you do before this?"  "I drove a hearse."
A lost dog strays into a jungle. A lion sees this from a distance and says with caution "This guy looks edible, never seen his kind before".So the lion starts rushing towards the dog with menace. The dog notices and starts to panic but as he's about to run he sees some bones next to him and gets an idea and says loudly "mmm... that was some good lion meat!".  The lion abruptly stops and says "Woah! This guy seems tougher then he looks, I better leave while I can".  Over by the tree top, a monkey witnessed everything. Evidently, the monkey realizes he can benefit from this situation by telling the lion and getting something in return. So the monkey proceeds to tell the lion what really happened and the lion says angrily "Get on my back, we'll get him together".  So they start rushing back to the dog. The dog sees them and realized what happened and starts to panic even more. He then gets another idea and shouts "Where the hell is that monkey?? I told him to bring me another lion an hour ago!!!"
A panda walks into a bar.The bartender asks, "Would you like anything to drink?"  The panda replies, "No thanks, I'm only here to eat."  "So what would you like to eat?"  "I'll just take the fries."  The bartender serves the panda, who enjoys the meal. He asks, "Now, will your payment be cash or card?"  The panda calmly replies, "Oh, just card."  After paying, the panda gets up and takes out a pistol. He fires a few shots in the direction of a few men, killing some in the process.  The bartender, horrified, shouts, "What the hell was that for? You just killed 4 men!"  The panda says, "I'm a panda, man. Look it up." The panda then abruptly exits the bar.  The bartender confused, looks up "Panda" on Google. The description said:  "The giant panda is a bear species endemic to China. It is characterised by its bold black-and-white coat and rotund body. Eats shoots and leaves."    Credits to "Eats, Shoots, & Leaves: The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation" by Lynne Truss
My 6 year old son told me this one. "What do you call a snowman that's having a threesome with two hot princesses?"I slapped my son and abruptly deleted his youtube kids app.
Early one morning a fat kid was sitting in an airport terminal eating a giant size candy bar.An older man strolled by and saw the boy.  He stopped abruptly and asked "Hey kid, do you think it's a good idea to be eating a giant candy bar for breakfast?"  The boy replied "I don't know, but my grandpappy lived to be 102 years old."  The old man said "I'm sure he did, but he didn't eat giant candy bars for breakfast did he"  The boy shook his head "Nope. he just minded his own fucking business."
A young boy was kissed by a girl he really liked, but after only a few seconds, the boy abruptly ended his first kiss."I'm so sorry, but I can't continue!" he said.  "Why not," the girl asked, "didn't you like it?"  "No, that's not it," the boy replied. "It's my mom. She said that if I kiss a girl before I'm sixteen, I'll turn into a statue. And I could feel it starting already."
Did you hear about the Lumberjack who abruptly stopped doing his job?He just woodn't.
My girlfriend abruptly broke up with meShe found out that I was missing a toe on my left foot. I had no idea she was lack toes intolerant.
A man goes to an animal marketHe goes up to a rooster seller and buys a rooster.  The seller hands it to him and says, "Oh, in this business, we call it a cock".  The man takes note and goes to buy a hen from a seller.  The seller hands it to him after paying and tells him "By the way, in this business, we call it a pullet".  The man nods and goes to a donkey seller. Hey buys it and turns to leave but the seller calls him back.  "I forgot to tell you but we call donkeys in these parts asses. Also, this is a very lazy donkey, it likes to sometimes abruptly sit down. To get it stand up, you need to tickle under its chin".  The man understands and leaves. He is travelling on the road when the donkey suddenly sits down. He spots a woman walking across the road and calls her over.  " Excuse me ma'am, but can you take my cock and pullet, while I tickle my ass?"\\
I started by running my hand across her shoulders and the small of her back…I ran my hand over her breasts, touching them very lightly.  Then, I proceeded to run my hand gently down her side, sliding my hand over her stomach, and then down the other side to a point below her waist.  I continued on, gently feeling her hips, first one side and the other.  My hand ran further down the outside of her thighs.  My gentle stroking then started up the inside of her left thigh, stopped and then returned to do the same to her right thigh.  By this time my wife was becoming aroused and she squirmed a little to better position herself.  I stopped abruptly and rolled over to my side of the bed.  "Why are you stopping?" she whispered.  I whispered back, "I found the remote."
Ironically, Jared Fogel both began and abruptly ended his career by simplyTrying to get into "smaller pants"..
Bob returned from a Doctor's visit and told his wife Alma that the Doctor said he only had 24 hours to live*Bob returned from a Doctor's visit and told his wife Alma that the Doctor said he only had 24 hours to live.*  Wiping away her tears, he asked her to make love with him. Of course she agreed and they made passionate love.  Six hours later, Bob went to her again, and said, "Honey, now I only have 18 hours left to live. Maybe we could make love again?" Alma agreed and again they made love.  Later, Bob was getting into bed when he realized he now had only eight hours of life left.  He touched Alma's shoulder and said, "Honey Please? Just one more time before I die." She agreed, then afterwards she rolled over and fell asleep.  Bob, however, heard the clock ticking in his head, and he tossed and turned until he was down to only four more hours.  He tapped his wife on the shoulder to wake her up. "Honey, I only have four hours left! Could we...?"  His wife sat up abruptly, turned to him and said :  *"Listen Bob, I have to get up in the morning for your funeral & You don't have to get up !!!*
Taxiing down the tarmac, the 767 abruptly stopped, turned around and returned to the gate. After a hour-long wait, it finally took off. A concerned passenger asked the flight attendant, "What, exactly, was the problem?"*"The pilot was bothered by a noise he heard in the engine," explained the flight attendant. "It took us a while to find a new pilot."*
A car abruptly departs from its parking spot in front of a driving man.The driving man says to his girlfriend, "What the fuck is that crazy asshole doing?"  to which his pregnant girlfriend in the passenger seat replies, "Pulling out. maybe you should try it."
A Syrian kid in France.A Syrian kid and his refugee family move to France. On his first day of school his teacher asks him "what is your name?". To which he politely responds, "My name is Abdul and I am from Syria (Middle-East accent)..She abruptly stops him and corrects him. "No! From now on you are French and your name is Jacque.". He ponders it over and agrees, you're right I am French now and my name is Jacque. Upon arriving home his mother asks him how his first day at school was? He abruptly stops her and tells his mother he is French now and that she needs to call him Jacque. She proceeds to beat the shit out of him and reminds him that he is Syrian and his name is Abdul. She also tells him to wait and see what his father thinks when he arrives. Upon arrival, and finding out, his father beats the shit out of him and reminds him that he is Syrian and his name is Abdul. The next day at school, the teacher in shock asks him, "OMG! What happened to your face?!" He responds: "You would not believe it! Less than 2 hours after becoming French, I was brutally attacked by 2 Islamic terrorists!"
A Preist, a Pastor, and a RabbitA preist, a pastor, and a rabbit walk into a blood donation clinic. The nurse at the front desk notices them waiting and asks them if they know their blood types; they're very low on specific types of blood, as usual.  The rabbit hurriedly hops up and says "Yep, I'm a type A-."  The nurse nods to him "mmmhm--," cutting off abruptly with a double take.  The room is deadly quiet. The nurse stares with wide eyes, her pen slipping out of her fingers onto the desk. The religious men pray in silenced panic, while the oblivious rabbit softly taps his foot.  "A-are you sure you're not a Type O?" The nurse prods gently, tensely, hoping to get the joke back on track.  "No," laughs the rabbit, "you're probably thinking of the preist!"
Golf with the bossA man and his boss skip work one weekday afternoon for a round of golf. They tee off at 1:00 and after 2 holes they catch up to a twosome of women. The women are playing unbearably slowly.  After waiting nearly an hour to play a hole, the men discuss how to get around these slow-playing women. They try yelling to them, to no avail.  When the men reach the 4th tee, a par 3, they wait another 30 minutes while one of the girls takes 10 shots to get out of a sand trap. The boss says to his subordinate, "I'm going to take a ride up there in the cart and ask if we can play through."  The boss gets about 50 yards from the green and abruptly turns around and drives back to the tee. The subordinate asks, "What happened? Why didn't you say anything to them?"  The boss says, "I got about 50-60 yards away, and I could tell that the two women were my wife and my mistress."  The subordinate says, "We ain't got all day. Let me go talk with them." So he drives up, gets about 50 yards away, and abruptly turns around.  When he gets back to the tee, he says, "Unbelievable. What a fucking coincidence."
I was playing an updated version of Oregon Trail voiced by Terry Crews.I made the comment that he wasn’t a good voice actor, and the game abruptly ended. Apparently, I died of dissin’ Terry.
A panda walks into a bar.He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.  The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house.  "You owe me money," she says.  "For what?"  The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."  The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: *Has sex for money*."  The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda. Look it up."  She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary.  The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Panda: *Eats bush and leaves*.”
I went to the doctors' this morning..."It's my testicles, doctor." I told her. "One of them isn't normal."  "Excuse me?" She said, rather abruptly. "Are these your certificates on the wall? Did you spend the best part of a decade earning a medical degree? Is that your name on this office door? Are YOU a doctor?"   "Err, n n no, of course not." I stammered.  "Exactly. I'M the doctor." She said. "I'M the one qualified to determine whether your testicle's 'normal' or not. So now that's been made quite clear, which testicle is it?"   "The middle one."
FDA finally approved the official Anal Condom...The reason it took this long is because their wives only allowed them to test it on their birthdays and the tests were always abruptly cancelled.
A guy and girl go back to her place to hook up. As he goes to drop his pants, he tells her, "I just wanna let you know I'm hung like a baby...". To which she starts to quickly reply, "It's ok, I've been with someone sma....", and she stops abruptly as he drops his pants."What the hell?!", she said.  He said, "I tried to tell you, I'm hung like a baby. 7 lbs, 19 inches!"
He’s armlessA man with no arms or legs is sunbathing on the beach. He is approached by three beautiful young women who take pity on him. The first says to him, ‘Have you ever been hugged?’  The man shakes his head, and she leans down and gives him a big hug.  The second says to him, ‘Have you ever been kissed?’  He shakes his head. She kisses him.  Rather abruptly, the third girl asks, ‘Have you ever been fucked?’  ‘No,’ says the man, his eyes lighting up.  ‘Well, you are now. The tide’s coming in.’
A retired couple sitting at home was reliving their 50 years of marriage together.The wife finally had gotten the courage to ask “Whats the cigar box under the bed you told me to never open?”  The husband sat a moment and then got up, abruptly leaving the room. When he returned, he had the cigar box. He sat down and opened it. Inside, there were three 50$ bills.  “I wasnt always the man i am today. I havent always been faithful. Times were tough when we were younger and it caused us to struggle even more but every time I was unfaithful, I put 50$ in this box to remind myself how much I was hurting us.”  The wife sat silent a few minutes. She had tears in her eyes when she stood up and went outside. As she drove away, her husband feared he may have hurt her too badly for their marriage to survive.  To his surprise, she returned after a while. She had a jar with $50.05 in it. She explained that she also had been unfaithful and made the gentlemen leave something behind so she too would have a reminder.  The husband seemed saddened and relieved, but confused, all at the same time. The wife asked for his reaction.  “I dont understand. Whos the AH that left five cents?!?”  “What do you mean? They all left five cents.”
Rabbit StewA man walks in to a restaurant and orders the rabbit stew. He takes one sip, then abruptly spits it out. He yells out, "waiter, there is a hare in my stew!"
[NSFW]After a round of golf...a guy heads back to the club house. There, he sees a beautiful, blonde, big breasted woman, and naturally, he heads over to flirt with her. They hit it off, and decide to play a round together.  He is doing his best to impress, but she cleans his clock, winning by 9 strokes. Embarrassed, his manhood in question, she can tell he is hurt. But, she thinks he's sexy, so she suggests they go to the parking lot for a good ol' hummer in the backseat of his car. Needless to say, he enjoys himself and asks her to play golf tomorrow!  She accepts, and every day that week, they play, she wins by a large amount, and afterwords he gets a BJ in his car. Though quite happy with the way things are going, he decides that he wants to seal the deal, and he invites her to his place for a romantic Saturday night dinner.  She shows up dressed to the 9s, the candles are lit, the steak is ready. They sit down to eat and a moment before his first bite she abruptly drops her silverware and exclaims, "I can't do this anymore! I have to tell you something!"  Trying to comfort her, he says "Of course, you can tell me anything! I'm sure it will be ok!" To which she replies, "I'm actually a MAN!"  His anger burns hotter than the sun, and he screams back, "God damn you! You've been hitting off the women's tee all week!"
Mom, what's a pussy?"Mom, what's a pussy?," the boy asks.  The mom gets a little flustered and abruptly answers. "A cat! It's a cat, sweetie."  "Mom, what's a bitch?"  Again, caught off guard but with only slight hesitation, the mother answers, "A dog. It's a dog, sweetie."  Having a feeling that he's not getting the whole story, he goes to ask dad.  "Dad, what's a pussy?"  Dad pulls out a nude photo of a woman. He circled the area. "You see what's inside the circle? That's a pussy, son."  "Dad, what's a bitch?"  "Everything outside the circle, son."
A ship goes down at seaTwo survivors wash up on the shore of an island--a man and a Chihuahua. The only other inhabitants of the island are harmless native sheep that roam and feed aimlessly on the lush grass. Conditions are primitive, but the man and Chihuahua coexist peacefully for several years. The man eventually comes to the realization that he will never be rescued. Sadly he begins composing a mental list all the things he will never be able to enjoy again.... wine...women...song... By far the most painful thing to accept is that he will never have sex with a woman again. One day, sitting at the fire beside the little dog, the man's eyes widen abruptly and he looks up the side of the mountain at the herd of sheep. Why, yes, why not? Who would ever know? He goes up the mountain, picks out a particularly docile looking ewe, walks up behind her and lowers his trousers. Just as he does so the Chihuahua begins yapping frantically, dancing around him, and nipping at his ankles. Nothing he does or says will make the dog stop. After several minutes of trying to quiet the Chihuahua he gives up on the ewe. The mood is spoiled. He tries again, multiple times over the next few weeks and months, but it's always the same. The Chihuahua is always underfoot, driving him to distraction. Eventually he abandons the idea entirely. One day, out on the horizon, he sees a ship going down--same reef that doomed his ship. He watches it sink, there's nothing he can do. The next day while walking the beach searching through the debris that is washing up he discovers a woman, half in/half out of the water, barely alive. She is the most beautiful woman he has ever seen! He quickly clears the sand and seaweed from her mouth and restores her breathing. He carries her back to his camp and nurses her carefully. She is unconscious for several days. When at last she is awake and able to speak she looks him over and says," I am so grateful for all you have done for me...you saved my life...I don't know if I can ever repay you, but I want you to know that I will do anything to try...and I do mean *anything*..." The man thinks for a moment, then his eyes widen abruptly, and he asks," Would you mind babysitting this Chihuahua for about 5 minutes?"
A cowboy walks into a livery stable and asks for a horse..."I need a horse, but I'm short on cash. What can I get for $25?" the cowboy asks the owner.  "Well, for fifteen I can give you 'ol Bill. He's seen a few years but he's still a fast horse" replies the owner.  "Why so cheap then?"  "Well, he ain't so good at listening. You see, he gets his Whoas and Giddy-ups mixed-up."  "You're kidding? Well, I don't have much choice. Here's $15, friend."  After he'd payed for the horse the owner went out to the stable to get Bill. When he came back, the cowboy could see that Bill was indeed old, but had very strong legs. After preparing the saddle, the cowboy hopped on Bill.  "Alright, Bill. Giddy-up!"  Bill would not move, not a twitch from his ears.  "C'mon Bill! Giddy-up!" he clicked, kicking the horse with his spurs.  Bill wouldn't budge. Not a swish from his tail. Remembering what the owner had said, the cowboy adjusted his reins and called...  "Whoa, Bill!"  Bill's ears perked, and he flew out of the barn like a bat out of hell. Horse and rider were outside the town in seconds, with a huge dust cloud trailing behind them. Off they went, flying over the Arizona hills. The cowboy could barely hold on to his reins; his feet flailing out behind the stirrups.  Over the next hill the cowboy could see that Bill was running them straight towards the edge of the Grand Canyon. He pulled back on the reins.  "Whoa, Bill! Whoa!" he cried.  Bill kept running. The edge of the precipice coming closer.  "Whoa, Bill! Stop, damn it!"  He suddenly recalled what the owner had said about Bill's mixed-up directions. Taking a deep breath the cowboy closed his eyes and shouted "Giddy-up, Bill!"  Bill came to an abruptly fast stop, just one horse-step away from certain death. The cowboy nearly vaulted over Bill into the vast gorge. Bill panted with exhaustion while the cowboy wiped his brow with his kerchief. From atop Bill, he looked down into the canyon at the dry riverbed far below.  "Whoa, Bill. That was *clo--*
In the middle of a forest, there was a hunter who was suddenly confronted by a huge bear.In his fear, all attempts to shoot the bear were unsuccessful. Finally, he turned and ran as fast as he could. The hunter ran and ran and ran, until he ended up at the edge of a very steep cliff. His hopes were dim. Seeing no way out of his predicament, and with the bear closing in rather quickly, the hunter got down on his knees, opened his arms, and exclaimed, "Dear God! Please give this bear some religion!" The skies darkened and there was lightning in the air. Just a few feet short of the hunter, the bear came to an abrupt stop, and glanced around, somewhat confused. Suddenly, the bear looked up into the sky and said, "Thank you, God, for the food I'm about to receive..."
So three guys rent a room at a ski lodgeThree guys rent a room at a ski lodge but due to a lack of other rooms they're forced to share a bed.  In the middle of the night, they all wake up abruptly and the one on the left says *"Man I dreamt I was getting a handjob"*  The guy on the right replies *"That's weird, I was dreaming the same thing"*  So they both turn towards the guy in the middle and he says *"Well I dreamt I was skiing"*
One night at a local bar frequented by a bunch of deer hunters who were waiting for the opening day of deer season…..the local sheriff scoped out the joint for possible drunk drivers. As he waited, eventually a patron stumbled out of the bar, fumbled for his keys, tried them in three different cars until he finally found his, got inside and rested his head on the steering wheel. The deputy knew he had his drunk driver, so now all he had to do was wait for him to start his engine and pull out of the lot. A few hours passed by and most of the other deer hunters had left by then, when the patron abruptly lifted his head, cranked the car up and drove out of the lot like a bat out of hell. The deputy followed him and stopped him promptly. He administered the breath-o-lizer test and it read 0.00. Confused, the deputy asked the driver what the hell was going on.  The driver looked at him innocently and said, "Well, tonight I'm the designated decoy."
A farmer walks into a patent officeHe tells the clerk that he'd like to get a patent for a new fruit he's grown. Confused, the clerk asks "what's so special about a new fruit?"  The farmer replies "on one side it tastes like an apple and on the other it tastes like an orange."  The clerks immediately replies "bullshit!" So the farmer tosses him the fruit. The clerk takes a bite out of one side and says "this tastes like an apple,"  to which the farmer replies "now turn it around." The clerk does, and is surprised to find that it does actually taste like an orange.  The clerk tells the farmer he's got his patent!  A few months go by and the same farmer comes back to see the clerk. This time he is beyond ecstatic. He tells the clerk "you're not going to believe this! This will change mankind forever! I've grown a fruit that tastes just like pussy...." the clerk abruptly snatches the fruit away from the farmer, takes a bite, spits it out after chewing and yells "this tastes like ass!"  The farmer looks at him and says "now turn it around!"
The problem with suicide jokesIs they end abruptly
A walk in the woods…A couple were on a blind date and they decided to take a walk in the woods. After some casual banter they started to feel more and more comfortable with each other and they started to feel a little frisky. They decided to sneak off the path into a dark grove of trees. After finding a good spot, they began making out and within a few minutes they were having sex.  After about 15 minutes, the man abruptly jumps up and says, “Damn it, I really wish I had a flashlight!”  The woman says, “I wish you did, too – you’ve been eating grass for the past 10 minutes!”
Renes Descartes goes into a barThe barkeeper asks him: "You want a beer?"  Descartes agrees and after that he drinks many more.  Later when he is quite drunk he grabs his keys and moves towards his car.  The barkeeper stops him from entering the car and asks him: "Do you really think, driving your state is a good idea?"  Descartes replies: "Yeah, you're right. I don't think..." and abruptly stops existing.
Husband and wife are in bed when...The husband tries to get some, and the wife stops him abruptly and says. No we can't, I have to go to the gynecologist tomorrow and I wanna be all nice and fresh.  The husband stops and thinks for a sec and says.  Well you ain't gotta go to the dentist tomorrow do ya?
Why do elephants have tails?So they don’t end abruptly
Thanksgiving An old couple had been married for 50 years. Every morning (without fail) the man produced a massive fart when he got out of bed and then laughed like a madman.Also every morning, his wife would admonish him: "One of these days you're going to fart your guts out."  It's Thanksgiving morning. The old man is sleeping in and the old lady is in the initial steps of preparing the turkey. While she has a handful of turkey innards, she gets an idea:  She tiptoes up the stairs and into the bedroom. She carefully pulls back the waistband of her husband's jockey shorts and loads him up with warm turkey guts.  An hour later the woman hears him stirring. She hears his feet hit the floor and then the normal fart-laugh sequence. The laugh stops abruptly and is followed by a scream, and then 10 minutes of utter silence.  The man eventually comes down the stairs and says to his wife: "Honey, I owe you an apology. For years, you've been telling me that I was going to fart my guts out. Today it finally happened, but by the grace of God and these 2 fingers (raises soiled 1st and 2nd digit) I got 'em all back in and I'm gonna be OK."
Mother's Trick.John and Mike are 2 roomates. One day John's mother visited them for a day. While they were all eating dinner, the Mother was looking at the two boys and how they were acting. It didn't help that Mike was extremely handsome, which made the mother wondering if there was something more between the two.  John immediately realized what his mother was thinking and abruptly said: Mother I know what you are thinking, but me and Mike are just roomates. The subject was dropped on the spot.  So 1 week passed after the mother's visit and Mike asked John: Since the day your mother came I cannot find the frying pan. I hope she didn't take it with her. John said: I don't think so, but nonetheless I will send her a message.  And so he did, the message wrote this: Mother, I don't insinuate that you did not take the frying pan and i don't insinuate that you took it. Case and point is we lost the frying pan after you visited us.  And the mother send this message: Son, I don't insinuate that you are sleeping with Mike and I don't insinuate that you are not sleeping with Mike. Case and point is that if Mike had slept once in his bed this week, you would have found the frying pan.
A man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming poolI don't know what they're filling the pool with, because he abruptly left when I offered him a glass of water
My favorite joke of all time.One day a priest, rabbi, and atheist walk in to a bar and sit down. The bartender comes up to them and asks, "Hey are you guys part of a joke?" To which they respond affirmatively. "Get out," the bartender said, "I don't serve jokes in here," and they did.   The next day a horse clops in and sits down at the bar. The bartender asks the mare if she's part of a joke, and when she said yes, he pointed to the door and said, "I don't serve jokes in here," so the horse abruptly left. Later that night he posted a sign that says in big letters: "NO JOKES SERVED HERE."  The next day, a chicken waddles in and sits down on a barstool. The bartender grumbles over and asks if the chicken a part of a joke. When the man pointed to the sign that says "NO JOKES SERVED HERE" the chicken scoffed and said, "well where the hell am I supposed to get a drink around here?!"  The bartender pointed out the window to another bar and said, "across the road."
A freshman college woman is midway through the semester......and at her current rate of academic performance she's going to fail one of her classes. So after class she approaches the professor, a mid 40s man, and says "professor, I'll do anything to pass this class." The professor replies "My office hours are on the syllabus, you're free to come by and talk about it then." So the next day the young woman shows up in a very suggestive outfit to the professor's office, and locks the door behind her. In a suggestive voice the woman says "professor, is there anything I can do to improve my grade? I'll do *anything*." "You'll do *anything*?" Replies the professor. The young woman puts her hand suggestively on the professor's shoulder and says "Yes, I'll do *anything*." The professor responds "So let me get this strait, you'll do *absolutely anything* to improve your grade?" The young woman sits down in the professor's lap and replies "Yes professor*."  >!The professor says "good", stands up abruptly, causing the woman to fall on to the floor. "Study."!<
Two couples were playing poker one evening.John accidentally dropped some cards on the floor. When he bent down under the table to pick them up,he noticed Bill's wife, Sue, wasn't wearing any underwear under her dress!  Shocked by this, John, upon trying to sit back up again, hit his head on the table and emerged red-faced. Later, John went to the kitchen to get some refreshments.  Bill's wife followed and asked, "Did you see anything that you liked under there"?  Surprised by her boldness, John courageously admitted that, well indeed he did.  She said, " Well, you can have it but it will cost you $500".  After taking a minute or two to assess the financial and moral costs of this offer, John confirms that he is interested.  She tells him that since her husband Bill works Friday afternoons and as John doesn't, he should be at her house around 2 p.m. Friday afternoon.  When Friday rolled around John showed up at Bill's house at 2 p.m. sharp and after paying Sue the agreed sum of $500 they went to the bedroom and closed their transaction, as agreed.  John then quickly dressed and left.  As usual, Bill came home from work at 6 p.m. and upon entering the house, asked his wife abruptly. "Did John come by the house this afternoon?”  With a lump in her throat Sue answered "Why yes, he did stop by for a few minutes this afternoon.”  Her heart nearly skipped a beat when her husband curtly asked, "And did he give you $500?”  In terror she assumed that somehow he had found out and after mustering her best poker face, replied, "Well, yes, in fact he did give me $500".  Bill, with a satisfied look on his face, surprised his wife by saying, Good, I was hoping he did. John came by the office this morning and borrowed $500 from me. He promised me he'd stop by our house this afternoon on his way home and pay me back".
My wife was inhaling popcorn and nearly choked to death on an un-popped kernel.I almost had to call the popcoroner.  (Real life: my wife really was eating popcorn with no breathing in between and I said “maybe slow down so you don’t choke on that. I don’t want to have to call the pop coroner”, and she abruptly started laughing and, I swear, choked on some (non-fatal). So I decided to present my ad-lib here, as a joke. At least I (and you) can be sure it’s no repost!)
A Man Goes for a MassageA man decides to treat himself to a massage after a very long week and visits his local Thai massage parlour.  Everything is going well until about halfway through when he starts to get an erection. The very attractive masseuse notices his condition and asks him "You want tug tug?". What the hell he thinks, might as well go all the way and he readily agrees.  The masseuse abruptly turns and leaves the room. 15 minutes later she returns asking "You finished tug tug yet?"
A charitable organization noticed that the richest man in town had never donated.A representative of the organization called the man. "Our research shows that you make millions of dollars a year, and we were wondering if you'd like to donate some amount to help those in need."  The man responded, "Did your research show you that my mother is suffering from a chronic illness, and cannot afford her medical bills?"  "Erm, no..."  "Did your research take into account my sister, whose husband died and was left broke with four children and no job?" the man said.  "I'm so sorry..." the rep began but was abruptly cut off  "Or perhaps my brother, who is a disabled veteran and is confined to a wheelchair, and long wait lists at the VA just to see a doctor?"  The representative was speechless.  Then the man said, "And I don't give any money to them, so why the hell should I give any money to you?"
What do a pilot and a chronic masturbator have in common?When they wake up abruptly their first thought is to pull up.
An Old Couple has Memory ProblemsThey both continually struggle with short term memory issues, forgetting their keys, glasses and everything else you could possibly imagine!  One day they went to the doctors to ask him what they could do. He told them that one of the best things they can do is write everything down. Not only can they look back on their notes to remember, but it helps to solidify it in your brain.  That night the couple was at home watching television when the gentleman abruptly got up and announced to his wife, "My dear, I simply mist get some ice cream, do you care for any as well?"  She replied "Oh yes! Chocolate ice cream with cherries! Maybe you should write it down?"  "No no, that's simple, chocolate ice cream with cherries"  "Oh but I also want some whipped topping please. I really think you should write this down..."  "Its simple dear, chocolate ice cream, cherries and whipped topping. I couldn't possible forget that!"  With that he headed off to the kitchen, repeating under his breath "chocolate ice cream, cherries, whipped topping, chocolate ice cream, cherries, whipped topping"  He is in the kitchen for 15 minutes, when he finally emerges he is holding a plate with eggs and bacon on it.  "I knew you would have written it down! Where's my toast!?"
A Blond Biking sees another Blond Paddling her canoeThey stop abruptly in confusion, watching this Blond paddling a canoe in the middle of a field of grass.  Quickly the confusion turns to anger as they continue to watch this Blond getting nowhere but continuing to paddle  They shout out loud to the other Blond "Hey! You know it's blonds like you that give us all a bad name!"  "If I could swim, I'd kick your ass!"
A cactus walks into a barThe cactus sits down and orders a tequila neat and proceeds to have 4 or 5 in a row. The cactus is pretty chill, handling his own until he sees a young couple at the end of the bar getting pretty hot and heavy. The young lady goes to the bathroom and the cactus calls over the young man and buys him a shot. He starts telling the young man all about every failed relationship its been in and how overwhelmingly sad it is. The young man, concerned for the sad cactus, says "is there anything I can do to help? Can I drive you home?" The cactus abruptly closes its tab and makes it way to the door, the young man calls out the cactus "I just want to help, can you let me do that for you?" The cactus says " Nah kid, you don't want to get close to me, I'm a miserable prick."
In a supermarket lvan lost sight of his wife.In a supermarket Ivan lost sight of his wife. He comes up to a nice young lady and asks, "Will you talk with me for a couple of minutes, please?" "Why should I?" "It's always the same -- as soon as I get into talking with a pretty woman my wife abruptly pops up from out of nowhere.
A 50 year old business man is sitting with a young manThe business man takes out a photo of his wife and says to the young man beside him  "She's a real beauty isn't she."  The young man abruptly then replies  " Oh yeah if she's a real beauty you haven't seen my girlfriend."  The business man taken by surprise says  "Why is she better."  The young man replies  " No she's an optician."
A trucker and a blonde.A trucker is driving down a busy highway when he is abruptly cut off by a blonde woman in her car. Tired and grumpy from driving all day, he quickly pulls along side of the woman's car and forces her to stop on the shoulder of the highway. The trucker and the woman get out of their vehicles. The trucker takes a rock and draws a circle around the blonde.  "Don't you dare set foot outside this circle," the trucker orders.  He walks over to the blondes car and keys the side of it. When he returns, the woman is standing in her circle giggling. This angers the trucker even more. He proceeds to grab a bat out of his semi and smash the mirrors off the woman's car. When the trucker returns to the woman, she is still standing in her circle laughing. Enraged, the trucker takes a gas tank out of his semi, douses the woman's car in gas, and sets it on fire. The woman bursts into hysteria.  "I just totaled your car!! What is so funny?!" The trucker shouts.  The blonde replies, "When you weren't looking, I stepped out of the circle three times!"
"It’s a boy!!! I cannot believe it – it’s a boy!! I was so overwhelmed, I literally stood there in tears"~Mike, 32, abruptly ending his holiday in Thailand
Cold handsA young man picks up his girlfriend on a very cold winter day in his fathers sleigh. They go for a ride on a trail though the forest.  After they travel a few miles, the boy abruptly stops the horse and says, "my hands are so cold."   The girl says "put them between my legs and I'll warm them up."  After a while they warm up enough so they can continue.  After a few more miles his hands are even colder.  The girl again says "put them between my legs. That'll warm them up again."  After a while, his hands are warm enough to go on.  Then they see an old abandoned house and decide to go check it out.  Once inside the boy again says to her "my hands are so cold they hurt!" The girl says "DON'T YOUR EARS EVER GET COLD!"
A man baught a donkey from a preacherThe preacher told the man that this donkey had been trained in a very unique way (being the donkey of a preacher). The only way to make the donkey go, is to say, "Hallelujah!"  The only way to make the donkey stop, is to say, "Amen!"  The man was pleased with his purchase and immediately got on the animal to try out the preacher's instructions.  "Hallelujah!" shouted the man. The donkey began to trot. "Amen!" shouted the man. The donkey stopped immediately.  "This is great!" said the man. With a "Hallelujah" he rode off, very proud of his new purchase.  The man traveled for a long time through the mountains. As he headed towards a cliff, he tried to remember the word to make the donkey stop.  "Stop," said the man. "Halt!" he cried. The donkey just kept going.  "Oh, no!"  "Bible...Church!...Please! Stop!!," shouted the man. The donkey just began to trot faster. He was getting closer and closer to the edge of the cliff.  Finally, in desperation, the man said a prayer..."Please, dear Lord. Please make this donkey stop before I go off the end of this mountain, In Jesus name, AMEN."  The donkey came to an abrupt stop just one step from the edge of the cliff.  "HALLELUJAH!" shouted the man.
What I hate about commercialsI hate how they abruptly cut o
A Nazi was in a grocery store......when the juice carton he was looking at abruptly exploded and sprayed all over his body.  "Damn juice!"
A pianist performing in a subway terminal...was playing beautifully. I was only offput by the weird looking kid with a dunce cap sitting atop the piano.  Suddenly, the weird looking kid with the dunce cap jumped up and scurried off. The piano player abruptly stopped playing.  I asked him, "why did you stop playing?"  To which he replied, "I cannot play piano without my metro-gnome."
[Long] A man goes into a hotel with a built-in restaurantHe checks in, goes to his room to read, then he goes to the restaurant and sits on one of the central tables.  He then orders the meal and waits for it, but he also notices that the waiter seems to always serve guests who are sitting near the room's walls.  The man gets a bit irritated, and when the waiter finally comes to him with his order, he asks abruptly:  "For what goddamned reason did you always neglect me just because I sat in the center? Every person who sat nearby the walls got served first, regardless of the time they arrived here!"  The waiter meekly answers: "You see, working here is gruelling, the pay is low, so to raise my morale I treat my job like it's a little game!"  "Yeah, that I can understand, but what does it have to do with your rude behavior?"  "Before going on with the central guest, I always finish all the side guests!"
Santa Claus had started feeling like he was losing some of his mojo at one point...... so in recent years, he had taken to periodically stopping during his annual Christmas Eve present run to take in words of wisdom from spiritual leaders from various backgrounds all over the world, hoping that someone could re-ignite that spark for him that made Christmas special.  Eventually, he realized that it wasn't just him - the reindeer were tired, his sleigh was starting to look a bit run-down, and even the magic that kept him alight wasn't as strong as it used to be. But then, he discovered that the diversity of the world - itself a wonderful thing - was just what he needed. Each part of the world seemed to have an affinity for a different part of his operation. And so on his journey, he would periodically pit-stop and recharge, tune-up, re-energize, before taking to the skies again.  Northern and Western Canada he found to be full of tundra-dwelling First Nations shamans who would tend to his reindeer lovingly. In various locations in the Orient he found the peaceful tranquility of meditating on zen koans to be just the healing salve his weary soul required. In the Middle East, he found amazing storytellers who were just as good at listening, for those times when his journey seemed so lonely. Denmark, known for its fine furs, always kept his red outfits tip-top, and Santa warm and comfy. And the craftspeople of Germany were expert at getting the best performance out of his sleigh.  One Christmas Eve, after getting his sleigh-blades sharpened, and his sleigh seat re-upholstered, Hans, master craftsman, joined him in a prayer: "Bless this sleigh, and bless the man would uses it to bring joy to children all over the world." Then Hans stopped abruptly, as if realizing something he had forgotten. "Santa!" he asked, "You want us to check your steering apparatus?"  "*Nein*, my good Hans. I bless the reins down in Africa."
A woman in her late 40s had spent years as a birthing assistant.She had helped bring many babies into the world and loved her work. On the day of her 50th birthday, she abruptly quit her job and used her savings to buy a luxury automobile. She had a midwife crisis.
Two guys were playing frisbee when....the frisbee slipped from the other guys hands and landed afar near two women. The guy goes towards the women....stops abruptly comes back and says "I can't go there because one of them is my wife and the other is my current girlfriend. Why don't you get it?" The other one goes to some distance....comes back and says "Sorry...small world"
A soldier is running from the Military PoliceHe spots a Nun and says, "Sister, Sister. Please let me hide inside your habit! I'll explain why later."  The sister nods an okay and the soldier hides. The MP gets there and asked the Nun if she saw a soldier pass by.  The Nun, in a nervous and squeaky voice says, "Yes! He went that way!"  Once the MP cleared, the soldier comes out and says, "Thank you so much! I'm hiding from them because they're trying to deploy me to fight in Iran, and I just don't want that! Hope you don't mind me saying, but you have really firm and nicely shaped calves! Your thighs look really firm!"  The Nun abruptly says, "Son! Stop! If you would have looked any higher you would have seen my balls! I too don't want to go fight in Iran!"       (Note: My thanks, my respect, my love and appreciation to all who service and have serviced in the military!)
On his deathbed, the old man ...... could smell his wife's fresh chocolate chip cookies from the kitchen. He decided to venture out of bed for one last bite of his favourite cookie before he died. He toppled out of bed and dragged himself to the stairs and managed to make his way down to the kitchen. Sure enough, there was a batch of smoking hot cookies on the table, and his wife was just putting another tray in the stove. He crawled to the table and dragged himself up onto a chair, reached over for a cookie, when his wife abruptly swung around and smacked him on the hand with a wooden spoon. – Keep your hands off, those are for the funeral.
Two Norwegians are walking homeTwo Norwegians are walking home when one of them abruptly stops the other  1: “Stop stop, don’t step in that!” 2: “What is that? Is it poop?”  The second guy bends down and inspects it  2: “It sure looks like poop”  He the smells it  2: “It smells like poop too!” > He pokes it with his finger  2: “Eww, it feels like poop too”  Then he tastes it  2: “Yuck, yeah it is poop!”  He stands up with his friend and looks at it and says  2: “Thank god I didn’t step in it”
A pastors wife goes to the fish marketShe’s looking to make fillets for dinner and asks the guy behind the counter for a suggestion.  “I’d recommend this right here, ma’am. It’s new to the market.”  “What kind of fish is it?” She asks.  “It’s dam fish, ma’am.”  The pastors wife abruptly says. “How dare you use that kind of language around a Pastors wife!”  The guy behind the counter calms her down and says. “No, no ma’am. This is a new breed of fish that live down at the local roller dam. So we call it Dam fish.”  The pastors wife understands, buys 3 fillets, and heads home to start cooking. As she’s cooking the pastor comes home and says.  “Something smells delicious hunny! What are ya cooking!?”  The wife says. “Dam Fish.”  The pastor freaks out and says. “I cannot believe I’m hearing profanity out of a pastors wife! How dare you!”  The pastors wife calms her husband down and says. “No, no honey! The man at the market told me this is a new breed of fish found at the local roller dam. So they call it Dam fish.”  The pastor understands and apologizes. The wife then calls their son down to eat.  The pastor starts to load up his plate and says. “This is a fine looking meal honey. Could you pass me some of that Dam fish.”  The son lights up! Slaps his dads back and says. “That’s the spirit Dad! While your at it Mom, pass me the f***ing potatoes!”
The "circle of life" applies to life in general,your own life is more of a straight line that ends abruptly.     (Credit James Acaster)
Just the other day I was reading The Art of the DealGood book, but the book abruptly ended at Chapter 11
Back when Pope John Paul II died, the Vatican College of Cardinals were faced with the responsibility of choosing a new pope for the Catholic Church...... At first, they favored a British Cardinal by the name of Cardinal Nigel Mason.  Card. Mason had been a pilot in WWII, fighting Germany's Luftwaffe. He was decorated for his service, during which he shot down 12 Nazi fighter planes.  He himself was finally shot down and made a rough landing in a forest. Unfortunately, he hurt his arm very badly. Once he made it back to an Allied base, doctors were forced to amputate the arm.  After his military service, Card. Mason enrolled in Notre Dame's seminary program and became a priest. Following his ordination, his first assignment was to an African mission in a small town near a silver mine.  Courageous hero that he was, Card. Mason was awoken abruptly one evening due to an accident in the silver mine. A fire had broken out deep within the mine and parts of the mine shaft were beginning to collapse. But he ran into the mine, heedless of the danger warnings being yelled at him.  While he continually searched for more survivors to drag to safety, a wooden support beam snapped and a piece of it stabbed Card. Mason in his eye, which would be lost to him from that moment onward.  With his one arm and last remaining eye, he persevered, going deeper into the blazing fire of the silver mine. The burning silver acted as a severe skin agitant and actually changed the hue of his skin to a purplish color. Still, in the end, he managed to save 28 people.  This was the Cardinal considered prior to Pope Benedict XVI's selection. Although the vote was close, the College of Cardinals decided that the world wasn't ready...  ...  ... (Are you ready for this?)  ...  ... for a one-eyed, one-armed, flying purple Papal leader.
Sad But TrueA 37 yr old virgin, exiting a bus, passes the grand opening of a new pet store, on her way to work. Out in front of the pet store on a perch is a parrot. Now there's a reason why this lady is a virgin and it is not by choice. So as she's passing the parrot, it says, "Hey lady" A little amused, she responds, "Yes?" The parrot then says, "You sure are fucking ugly"   Shocked by the parrots reply, she proceeded to work speechless. She was so distraught by the parrots words that she couldn't focus on her work. Passing the pet store on her way home, she encounters the parrot, again and tells her the same thing as earlier. So she marches into the pet store and gives the owner a piece of her mind, ".... and if that parrot ever says that to me ever again..." The owner stops her abruptly and says, "Maam listen, I promise you he will never say that ever again. And if he does I'll hand you the keys to my store and it'll be all yours"   Next day on her way to work, she gets off the bus, passes the parrot, and gives him a look that could kill, as the parrot says, "Hey lady" She said, "What" The parrot said, "You knooow...."
Some European explorers were traveling through the Amazon rainforest with some natives as guides...when they started hearing drums in the distance. Puzzled the Europeans inquired, “we hear drums? What does that mean?”  The Natives answered, “When drums stop, very bad.”  Reluctantly the exploration continues. After 5 minutes the drums had started getting louder and the explorers started getting nervous. “The drums sound closer, and we think they are getting louder! What does it mean?”  “When drums stop, very bad.”  Doing their best to maintain composure the Europeans kept moving. About 5 minutes later the drums abruptly stop and the explorers panic. “The drums have stopped! What should we do?!”  “When drums stop, very bad, now comes bass solo.”
A City doctor visits a tribal community.A city doctor once visits a tribal community. He starts asking various questions.  He asked “how do you guys relieve sexual tension?”  “ Just come down to the river tomorrow and we'll show you.  ”The next day the doctor shows up the river bank and notices a group of men and a donkey.  One man says “ Since you are our guest, you get to go first  ”The doctor not wanting to disrespect their customs, starts kissing the donkey abruptly and then starts having sex with it.  After a few minutes, a man asks “are you almost done doc?”  “We need that donkey to get across the river in order to get to the tribe of women.”
Once upon a time...Once upon a time, there was a land called Tridonia, full of healthy, happy, prosperous Trids. Their wise king ruled for decades until a dark shadow fell across their valley, for a giant had entered their land and stood in front of the Sun. Weeks passed and the giant wouldn't move. The crops began to fail and the people began to starve. The King Trid grew worried. What was he to do?  The King Trid gathered together his most trusted advisors in the land: the famous Trid athlete (so strong; so fast), the wisest Trid, and the holiest of all, the Rabbi. They formed a council and the King Trid said, "What are we to do? The crops are failing and the Trids are growing ill! We have to get this giant to move away!"  The athlete Trid said, "Perhaps the giant will be impressed by my athletic skill. After all, I am the fastest, the strongest, the most handsome Trid in all the land. Maybe I can convince him to move." And so the fastest Trid sped up the giant, ran around him many times, as fast as he's ever run before. He pulled a tree out by its roots and broke it half over his head. And then he said, "Oh Mr. Giant, aren't you impressed by my ability. If you move out of the way of the Sun, other Trids can grow to be as strong and as fast as me!" The giant blinked slowly and then boomed, "NOOOOOOO! And he kicked the fastest Trid all the way to the other side of the Tridonia.  The King was worried. Perhaps the giant actually cared more about intelligence. So he sent the smartest Trid in the whole land to the giant to see if she could convince the giant to move. "Oh Mr. Giant, cannot you observe that your gargantuan mass is blocking the Sun and causing photosynthesis to not happen. The absence of solar energy is causing cellular respiration to occur instead of photosynthesis. Please Mr. Giant, can you move out of the way of Sun!?" The giant blinked slowly and then boomed even louder, "NOOOOOOOOOOOO! And he kicked the smartest Trid all the way over to the other side of Tridonia.  The King was despondent. He didn't know what to do. His last chance was his holiest of the people, the Rabbi. Perhaps the Giant was a man of faith. So he sent the Rabbi to talk to the Giant. The Rabbi said, "Mr. Giant, do you not believe that God put the Sun here for all of us to share? You are blocking it and causing harm to the Trids of Tridonia. Do you believe that this is what God would want you to do?" The Giant grumbled and blinked slowly several times. He pulled his foot back and started to swing it but then abruptly stopped, put his foot back down and stepped out of the way.  The Rabbi was very confused. "Mr Giant, I do not understand. You kicked both the smartest and the fastest Trids to the other side of the land. Why have you not done the same to me and instead have stepped out of the way of the Sun?"  The Giant's deep laughter rumbled through the Valley...  ...  ...  ...  "You silly Rabbi, *kicks are for Trids*!"
Guy and blonde in a barA gorgeous Australian blonde and a guy are sitting next to each other in a bar. Both of them are watching the television when the news came on. It showed a guy on a bridge who was about to jump, obviously suicidal. "I'll bet you a kiss he'll jump," said the first guy. "Bet you $10 he won't," said the blonde. Then, the guy on the television closed his eyes and threw himself off the bridge. The hot blonde leans over to kiss the guy. "I can't kiss you," said the first guy abruptly. "I cheated you. The same story was on the five o'clock news." "No Worries," said the blonde. "I saw the five o'clock news too. I just didn't think the guy was dumb enough to jump again!"
Intrepid EngineerA Christian, a Muslim, and an engineer are sentenced to die at the guillotine.  The Christian goes first but when the executioner pulls the lever to release the blade, the blade suddenly stops halfway down the track with a loud "boing." "Praise the Lord," the Christian exults, "who in his divine grace has saved me!" The executioner, impressed, tells him he is free to leave.  Next up, the Muslim puts his head in the machine and the executioner pulls the lever. Again, the blade stops abruptly halfway down. "There is no god but Allah," the Muslim cries, "who in his infinite mercy has saved me!" The executioner sets him free, too.  Meanwhile, the engineer has been peering attentively up at the guillotine. "I think I see your problem," he says.
A horse walks into a bar....The bartender asks why the long face? The horse Lacking a cognitive perspective or ability to understand the English language. He looks at the bartender abruptly shits on the floor and leaves.
What I had to do in Texas...This is a pretty old one, but I figure it's worth telling just in case people on this sub haven't heard it.  In a typical wild west desert town, a typical rugged cowboy/drifter type rides his horse up to a saloon, then ties it to the post and saunters in for a drink. While he's drinking, some other patrons think it'd be funny to pull a prank on him, so they go untie his horse and lead it away. The visitor pays his tab and walks out, yells "What in tarnation?!" and stomps back in, a glare on his face and a hand on his holster.  The visitor yells so the whole saloon can hear, the pianist abruptly stopping. "Alright you varmints! Listen up and listen good; someone went and stole my horse, so here's how it'll be: I'm gettin' one more drink here, and by the time I finish, that horse had better be back at his post, or else I'm goin' to do something awful I did back in Texas. I'm warnin' ya all right now; don't make me do what I had to do back in Texas!"  Everyone at the bar is terrified, so when the visitor has finished his drink, and walked out again, sure enough the horse has been returned. The visitor says "Much obliged", swings up and is about to ride away, when one patron who followed him out says,  "I'm curious, pardner, what was that awful thing you had to do back in Texas that you didn't want to do here?"  The visitor replies, "I had to walk!"
An old man walks into a bar. He apologises to the barman, he has no money.But, if he were allowed to entertain the clientele, maybe the barman could give him a drink on the house. The barman tells him go ahead.  The old man reaches into a bag beside him and takes out harmonica, then a tin box and finally a duck.  He places the box on the floor, the duck on the box and plays the harmonica. To everyone's amazement the duck dances a jig like nobody has ever seen before.  The barman happily gives the old man a few drinks and even asks him to call another evening. It even becomes a regular thing.  One of the patrons of the bar, thinks he could make good money on this, follows the old man out one night and offers him a sum of money the old man can't believe. The deal is done and they each go their own way.  A few days later the old man is walking along the street when a car pulls up abruptly beside him. The guy who bought the duck jumps out angry and accuses the old man of conning him out of his money.  The old man calms him and asks what the problem is. The guy has the duck with him and shows the old man.  "Look, I put down the box, I put the duck on the box, I play the harmonica" He plays the harmonica and the duck just sits there.  The old man looks at him like he's stupid and says  "You forgot to light the candle"
Stop Means Stop (Long)While on a business trip in Dublin from London, a young lawyer ran a stop sign and got pulled over. Having heard before that the Irish Police are not the cleverest bunch this lawyer thought to himself "This will be easy". "Good evening officer, how can i help you today?" The Lawyer says politely. The officer was abrupt with his reply. "Sir, are you aware that you did not bring your vehicle to a complete stop at the stop sign back there." The lawyer responds " Yes officer, well you see the thing is I am a little late for a meeting you see. So rather than stop, I slowed my car right down, as I approached the junction I saw no traffic coming from any direction so i rolled through with caution as I seen no reason to stop." The officer was unimpressed with this answer and explained to the lawyer that this sign does not say slow down , it says to stop. The Lawyer tried to explain his reasoning again but the officer did not want to hear it. "Why don't you get out of the car and i can give you a quick demonstration of the difference between slowing down and stopping."  The lawyer complies and steps out of the car at which point the officer takes his baton and starts beating the lawyer viciously. "Agh! Stop!! Stop!!!" Screams the lawyer, is serious pain.... So the officer begins to beat him slowly.
A forty-seven year old woman see an ad for face cream that makes you instantly look ten years younger.So she buys the cream, uses it and want to test it and see if people think she is her age or not. So she goes out and get food at McDonald's and says to the young cashier.  "Excuse me sir, how old do you think I am?"  Surprised by the abrupt question the young man smiles and thinks then responds  "Umm, thirty - five? "  The woman beaming with joy says loudly  " Nope! I am forty seven!"  She gets her food and goes on about her day to head to catch the bus.  On the way to the bus stop she stops at a news paper stand and asks the man working the same question.  He answers thirty-five as well which makes her even more confident and proud.  As she gets on the bus an old man sits down beside her, so she turns to him and asks  "Excuse me sir, how old do you think I am?"  The old man smiles and says.  "I can tell you how old you are exactly by sticking my hand down your pants"  The woman shocked by the answer knew he must be an old pervert but wanted to know if he was being truthful or not so she agreed.  The old man stuck his hand down her pants and wasn't shy about it, got what he wanted then removed his hand and said.  "You're forty-seven years old"  The woman now shocked could barely get out her question.  "How?"  The old man smiled and replied.  " I was standing behind you in line at McDonald's"
Three Scotsmen are relaxing in a motorboat out on Loch Ness.Suddenly, they hear a strange rumbling. They look into the water and see a shadowy object moving quickly below them. Just as one of the men begins to speak, the boat is thrown twenty feet above the waterline and capsizes.  "It's the Loch Ness Monster!" they scream. Panicking, the men frantically swim toward shore — and then they hear another rumbling beneath them. They can feel the reverberations of the powerful growl travel through their bodies. The monster is close.  They're paddling for their lives when the creature's massive head rises with a splash from the lake, facing the other direction. The Loch Ness Monster turns to take a look at its prey and stops abruptly, a flash of recognition in its eyes. Then, it speaks.  "Dave!"
I was so excited to be at my girlfriend's parent's house for dinner.So I decided to make a good first impression by complimenting my girlfriend in front of her parents:  "Let me just start off this dinner by saying that I am delighted to be here with my beautiful girlfriend and her parents. Your daughter is an incredible person. She is kind, witty and, most importantly, blows me..."  At this point my girlfriend kicks my shin and I stop abruptly. I don't know what I said wrong but everyone is quite appalled with my little speech. I go over what I said in my head and realize what my girlfriend was alluding to. I quickly start over.  "Ummm, like I was saying. Your daughter is kind, witty and **blows me away with her intelligence!**"  As I fix my mistake, the room is filled with nervous laughter. It was not a great first impression but at least I salvaged what was left of it.  "Indeed, your daughter is a great person. But sometimes she just doesn't let me finish!"
An old man and woman were married for years......even though they hated each other.  When they had a confrontation, screams and yelling could be heard deep into the night. A constant statement was heard by the neighbors who feared the man the most: **“When I die, I will dig my way up out of the grave to come back and haunt you for the rest of your life!”**  They believed he practiced black magic and was responsible for the missing pets in the neighborhood. There were also strange sounds and funny smells at all hours. The man was feared and enjoyed the respect it garnished.  One day, he died abruptly under strange circumstances, and the funeral had a closed casket. After the burial, his wife went straight to the local bar and began to party as if there was no tomorrow.  The gaiety of her actions were becoming extreme while her neighbors approached in a group to ask these questions: “Are you not afraid? Concerned? Worried? This man practiced black magic and stated that when he died, he would dig his way up out of the grave to come back and haunt you for the rest of your life?”  The wife put down her drink and said, “Let the old guy dig. I had him buried face down.”
Woman bathing nakedOne day there were two boys playing by a stream. One of the young boys was lingering over by a bush. The other boy couldn't figure out why his friend was at the bush so long, so he walked over to the bush, and to his astonishment saw a woman bathing naked in the stream. All of a sudden the second boy took off running.  The first boy couldn't understand why his friend ran away so abruptly, so he took off after him. When he finally caught up to him, he asked why he ran away.  The boy said to his friend, "My mom told me if I ever saw a naked lady I would turn to stone, and I felt something getting hard, so I ran."
An illuminated jokeA physicist and an engineer were roommates in college. One night a fire broke out in their apartment. The engineer woke up first and saw the fire. He remembered the fire extinguisher in every unit, grabbed it and pulled the pin, as instructed, and sprayed the fire with the sodium bicarbonate contained within.  Incredibly, the next night, the exact same fire sprung up in their apartment. The physicist was the first to wake up this time. He saw the fire, saw the fire extinguisher, then went back to bed happy knowing there was a solution to the problem.  The third night, the engineer and the physicist were both woken abruptly when a statistician broke into the room and started lighting the curtains on fire.  “What the heck do you think you are you doing?” They both shouted.  The statistician replied “Increasing the sample size.”
Guardian AngelA man was walking by a construction site when he heard a woman yell "STOP!!!" The man stopped abruptly, and seconds later a brick fell and landed in his path. He looked around but saw no trace of the woman whose voice he heard.   A day or two after that, he was driving to work. In the midst of the blazing music in the car he heard the same voice yell even louder "STOP!!!" He screeched on the brakes. A huge truck breezed past the front of his car from an intersection.   He couldn't have heard the woman's voice in his car so acknowledging a divine intervention he went to the church to seek answers. An angel manifested from one of the frescoes.   "Who are you?" asked the man. "I am your guardian angel, It is my duty to protect you from harm's way. Since your birth it is me who has been intervening on your behalf against all peril" the angel replied. Then seeing the dumbfounded look on his face said, "I imagine you have some questions for me."   "You bet I do," the man said. "Where were you on my wedding day?"
Farmer John and his wife Mary lived on a big piece of land in the middle of Ohio.They did pretty well for themselves, but as all affluent farmers will know, farming is not easy money. After a few years of living together and working very hard, their marriage started to fall apart. Being just as determined to keep their marriage together as they were to keep their farm running, they decided to go to marriage counselling.  Sometimes they would do couple's therapy, sometimes they would go by themselves.  After one of his solo sessions, Farmer John gets back to the farm and goes straight to the barn where he keeps his prized tractor that he's been working at restoring ever since they bought the property. He closes the door, walks slowly up to it, and starts stroking the wheel well. After a couple of minutes, he gets a little bit closer, telling it how much he loves its new paint job, how nice the thrum of the engine is, and starts kissing it ever so gently.  While this is happening, his brother Jed walks into the barn and sees his brother engaged in this bizarre display of affection. Not believing his eyes, he watches for a minute until he can't take it anymore and shouts out "John! What the hell are you doing to that tractor?"  John stops abruptly and turns around. "Well, you know how Mary and I started having some issues and decided to go to counselling?"  "Well yeah," says Jed, "but what the hell does that have to do with anything?"  John explains, "Well, today, the counsellor told me I should try and do something sexy to attract her!"
Trump, Putin and Kim Jong Un were all fishing on a lake one beautiful summer day.Putin got hungry so he got out of the boat and walked on water to the shore and bought some sandwiches and walked on water right back and got in the boat.  Trump was amazed at what he saw and for once he was speechless.  Later Kim Jong Un was thirsty so he got out of the boat and walked on water back to the shore and bought some drinks and walked right back over the water and climbed up into the boat and Trump was now in utter disbelief.  Trump starts mumbling to himself and needs to use the bathroom so he decides if they can walk on water then surely he can too.  He announces his intentions and abruptly gets up and and out of the boat and immediately starts flopping around in the water.  Putin turns to Kim Jong Un and asks with sincerity, "Do you think we should tell him where the rocks are?"
Once upon a time there was a sperm named Stanley who lived inside a famous movie actor.Stanley was a very healthy sperm. He'd do pushups and somersaults and limber himself up all the time, while the other sperm just lay around on their fat asses not doing a thing.  One day, one of them became curious enough to ask Stanley why he exercised all day.  Stanley said,"Look, pal, only one sperm gets a woman pregnant and when the right time comes, I am going to be that one."  A few days later, they all felt themselves getting hotter and hotter, and they knew that it was getting to be their time to go. They were released abruptly and, sure enough, there was Stanley swimming far ahead of all the others.  All of a sudden, Stanley stopped, turned around, and began to swim back with all his might.  "Go back! Go Back!" he screamed. "It's a blow job!"
Bill is housesitting for his brother Bob over a long vacationOne day, Bob calls Bill to check in on how everything is, and see how his cat is doing. Bill very abruptly and callously says "Cat's dead, Bob."  Bob is overcome with shock, and when he finally collects himself he says "Bill, that was very rude, and was quite jarring. You need to learn how to break bad news to people."  "What do you mean?" Bill asks.  "Well, I'm still going to be gone for a few weeks, so you could have told me that the cat got stuck on the roof, and you can't get him down. Then, the next time I called, you could have said the cat fell off the roof, and you took him to the vet and they're treating his injuries. And then, the next time I call, you could have told me that the cat unfortunately had to be put down. It's sad either way, but it's far better to break bad news to someone gently like that."  "Oh, sorry, Bob." Bill says.  "It's no problem, Bill. By the way, how's Mom doing?"  Bill thinks a bit and says, "Mom's stuck on the roof and we can't get her down."
A penguin is out for a driveon a beautiful afternoon when he decides to grab an ice cream cone. After enjoying his delicious vanilla cone he decides to be on his way. Just a couple of miles down the road, his car dies abruptly. But what luck!! Just down a slight incline there is an auto shop, so the penguin throws his car in neutral and rolls all the way there. After a time the mechanic comes back to the penguin with his estimate.  Mechanic-"Looks like you blew a seal"  Penguin (wiping mouth) "Oh sorry, that's just ice cream"
Four nuns die and arrive at the gates of Heaven.Four nuns die and arrive at the gates of Heaven. Saint Peter is there and asks the first nun if she had ever touched a penis.  "Yes," she admits. "I once touched a penis with the tip of my finger."  "Dip your finger into the holy water and enter the kingdom of Heaven," says Saint Peter. The nun dips her finger in the holy water and enters heaven.  Saint Peter asks the same question of the second nun.  "Yes," she admits. "I once touched a penis with one hand."  "Dip your hand into the holy water and enter the kingdom of Heaven," says Saint Peter. The second nun complies and enters heaven.  At this point, the fourth nun abruptly cuts in line.  "Hang on!" she says, pointing at the third nun. "You'd better let me go next, because there's no way I'm gargling that shit after she sticks her ass in it!"
